v darken sides of checker
v bug with two edges of board
v show checker once it falls off board
v "stop/run" mode
v undo bug
v disable/enable buttons when appropriate
v rethink button verbs
icons would be even better
v allow play to 'reloop'
v style disabled buttons
x show number of moves
v show when looping
x tell last valid move? or show on square?
window resizing doesn't work
add some sweet, sweet sound effects
compress the audio files
animations would be nice
v increase camera angle at higher board sizes (or decrease it less actually)
v loading indicator colors clash with the rest of the design
v center of ouroboros needs to match background
not using bundle.min.{js,css} yet (does it work? esp. worried about css)
why is board at a slightly odd angle? i like it and will keep it, just wondering why
v button borders are a tad too bright
v make background of text input match the light squares
v shadow needs to be tweaked a few pixels to the right
v move board up a smidge?
v disable select in sass file
x things are a little funky with the 'move' button and looping and play/loop and undo

it would be nice if you could place the checker
too much logic and state in <Game />, an event driven model could fix this
stylesheet is a bleedin' mess, not really using the power of sass yet
not mobile first


livereload has a issue with reloading the current build, it lags one behind
  - probably related to the extra coffescript & jsx compile cycles
  - the 'watch' mechanism is a bit crude (it's part of the web server, it
    should know which file changes are important for reloading and which to ignore)
  - this is probably fixable with more exacting livereload watch configuration
sourcemaps breaking jsx pipeline. break into more steps with more intermediate files?
are sourcemaps working? check this
and check sourcemaps through all the stages (coffeescript, jsx, browserfy, minify)
sourcemaps for sass
better error capturing in gulpfile so gulp watch doesn't exit
add 'watch' back as a dep for 'webserver' (or at least 'default'?)
watchify keeps bundlejs from completing (maybe this is expected)
make sure dependant gulpfile actions report back compleation correctly
missing favicon, icon, and iphone splash screen images
i think the bundle gulp tasks might be missing some dependencies
sourcemaps for css bundle and css minify?
ouroboros.css is not ready to be linted (gulpfile.js configured to skip it specifically)
css file bundling has no control over ordering
i wonder if the bad habit of using // to comment out things in css files breaks things when minifying (see ouroboros.css)
2d version layout is lame
note: react-three seems to require react 0.12.2 and not react 0.13
emacs .#* tmp files confuse stupid 'watch'